Hello good evening Andrés, a
lovely pleasure Good evening What's up, how are you,
how are you Javier, good evening, nice
to meet you, how are we? We're
all here, we're live, okay?
Very well, good evening everyone and
nothing. Thank you for this call. Thank
you for coming. The truth is that it was a
last minute surprise, I mean, people maybe
thought we had something
prepared or something like that, but
I told Francisco about
half an hour before we started and the truth is
that I'm very happy because we're really
looking forward to knowing how you're doing in
a few hours. I hope to see you
face to face with these people in court.
Well, you know that I've never been involved in these things, I'm
not dedicated to this
and well, I just wanted to
thank everyone for their support,
thank my family, thank my
wife, and especially thank my great
friend Francisco
for his unconditional support over all
these years and as a good person who is
a person of integrity,
Well, he has always supported me and nothing. Well,
the truth is that, well, I'm quite
well after eight years since
the complaint was filed, justice is
slow, but everything comes next.
The trial is being held on Monday. I reported it at the time. Well, the truth is that I'm quite well, quite encouraged to see these people sitting in the dock. We're talking about the trial being on Monday. No, it's not in Plaza Castilla, it's not in Criminal Court
4, if I'm not mistaken, player 32 of the
Madrid Criminal Court. On what street is Julián
Camarillo? Julián Camarillo. I want to
remind you that it's OK, well, I'm sure you're going to have
people there applauding you
because here in the chat, André, the
people are hoping for justice to be done. It's worth
noting that, as you've said, these have
been eight years of fighting. I imagine it
must have been psychologically draining, not
seeing how it's been a
real ordeal for
both my family and I. This has been a
real ordeal. Realize that it's
been 8 years of media harassment,
harassment towards my family, towards my wife, and
all because I reported something that was
done to me, or that can't be
done to just anyone, even though I reported it in
2014, as you know, they continued
to do it.  Fortunately, the police
have already caught them all and it is the
light operation that you all know
and well all this is going to take a long time they are
different procedures Because my case was
before the light operation but it is
practically the same Surely
the cases are certainly related Of course it is
totally the same they called me
from the light operation when they caught
these people in 2018-19 the police called me
internal affairs and the
corruption prosecutor's office called me to tell me that they had
found
images and of course I imagine that you are
one of the people who appeared
first of course it would be missing more
How have you dealt at home with the
fact that while they were
dismissing the lawsuits for the
humiliation they did to you, they
were also making fun of your wife and
you because on top of that they were chasing you
to see has it been has it been harassment like that I mean
a thing of arrival in revenge Well that is what
I did above all to my wife but
well you have to look at the positive my wife
is the pillar of my life she is the best I
have in the world along with my family and she
is already a  strong woman
that they have not been able to with her nor will they be
able to, let's say not
even 20 networks like this one nor 20
production companies nor So nothing I want to
give a message of positivity I mean I
want to be positive in this sense
Finally after so many years
this trial comes and the only thing I want is for it to
be justice I ask for nothing more nothing less
And well then that these people pay for what they
did and nothing more I do
n't ask for anything else but justice to be done
and above all well thank all
the support of the people all the support of
Francisco all the support of my wife
my family and at some point at some
point you know felt
almost wanting to give up and
maybe accept some job offer
some invitation to their events or something like that
no no these people right away
no no these people have been in their thirteen
as if they have not done anything they have never
wanted So well it has been they have
continued attacking especially one of the
production companies It has been a daily attack
you have lived it and we will
everyone who has seen that series of
programs have seen the pounding that
we have lived through not so much I mean the ordeal
and  the pain and humiliation that we have
lived through has not had and well in all
these years an iota André of not only
no longer offering you jobs, offering you
interviews Or collaborations but at
least of
fixing it in some way Has
never wanted I have never wanted a
war with these people and they have
continued to stick to their guns The only thing I
wanted was for them to leave us in peace and
only they wanted that there should not
be a lawsuit But on the other hand at the
same time they did not try to repair the damage not
in a way Hey we ask for forgiveness we fix
what we destroyed
when when we go to trial it is
because they did not want to So I
cannot I cannot tell you more and I
tell you that what I want is to give the
positive message that everything comes that
justice is slow but it
almost certainly comes that if God wants it
not on Monday So look at you Where it
has come together that with all the
years that have passed in the end things
have exploded because of this
light operation and almost effectively the
light operation has been because these
people did not stop on their day from doing what
I denounced in their day they continued  as if
nothing had happened they felt unpunished They felt
empowered to continue doing what they were
doing,
continue committing crimes and continue and in fact
the police have done an
exceptional job and
would set up an anti-corruption agency and they have them
all they have the directors they have
journalists they have police officers they have
everyone Already caught then Well then it was
them what I was saying was in
2014 and it's in 2018 they were still
doing the same thing Yes then well
and almost if I'm not mistaken almost in 2019 too
surely justice could see
the umbrellas Well yes but no well
justice you know that sometimes it is slow
But well everything takes well Andrés you have
the people here in the chat applauding you
Wishing you all the luck in the world
for my part of course I also don't know
if you have seen
thanking you all really trust in
justice and
above all that
Thanks to my family thanks to my wife
thanks to all the support of all the people
Thanks to Francisco the truth is that
Francisco explains it very well
he well as a great friend of mine and a
person that I love is  another member of
my family and
the honest guy and tells the truth and
knows how to explain it much
better than I do because as you
well know I don't do this and
I'm just a worker a sad
self-employed person who is Lucho who gets up
every day at 6 in the morning to
work I
don't watch television I don't watch anything And well
the only thing I want is
justice for what was done to me and for
these people to not continue doing it the way they have been doing it the way they have
continued doing it
I think it's clear Andrés that
at no time have you wanted anything to do with
television that that job is not what
you do nor are you interested I have
never ever earned a penny from
television it has never been of interest to me that it
has proposals like It's logical but I have
never wanted to get involved in it I have a
lot of respect I am very afraid of the
people who work there in television I am
very afraid of people who I reported
one day something as serious as what they
did to me and they have continued
doing it as if nothing had happened even knowing
that they had that criminal complaint or so that's what I
imagine that above all what
hurt you is the mockery and  the
disrespect to your wife No, no
more than already even more than what they've
done to you, indeed, indeed.
But well, my wife is a
strong person, a woman of integrity, an
exceptional woman in every sense, and as I'm
telling you, well, we've had to
live through this, but well, that's what it is,
someone has to prepare,
justice puts them in their place. Let's hope
that justice is the only thing that can
stop these people, who
logically. Well, let's hope that the
sentence is prison, as the prosecutor requests and
our lawyer requests, and that they end up where they
logically belong, in
prison, which is where they belong.
You have hope, right? Andrés, yes,
yes, no. I'm sure they're going to be
convicted. No, there's no other option, let's see.
I did a little research, no, I
shouldn't have gone too far into the subject, okay,
but more or less, I was here on the channel
to inform people, I did some
research, and man, they put up the file,
as I said a few
minutes ago. I don't know if they've been watching us. It's that they
even published the file with
a screenshot of the
police program, long and with
commercials and all the
television programs, advertisements.  advertisers, in other words, they
committed crimes It's good that they're
paying attention, that's
good, well, explain it to the judge, let's
see what, let's see what they say and if
justice is fair, then it will end, they shouldn't end it. Oh
my goodness, before,
nothing. No, I don't want to continue, let's go, thank you, I'm
telling you with all my
heart. Well, all the support and I also don't
want to continue talking anymore because you
know that it's very difficult for me. We
really appreciate that you have chosen
this platform to
express yourself, it's worth a lot of people listening to you
and I hope to talk to you in a
couple of months and for you to tell me that you're
satisfied, that everything went well and that you
're happy, let's hope so, let's
hope that justice is adjusted and
that it takes a weight off your shoulders. A hug, a hug,
a hug for everyone and nothing and to
Francisco,
give him a hug, we'll see each other soon and
nothing and he will continue to tell you with more
details that he expresses himself much better
than me and we are set and that's what we are
set and everything he says is totally
true and and
nothing Thank you very much for everything,
give a big hug to that
beautiful woman that you have by your side
Goodbye, a hug, see you later
[Music]